♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday
dear Janice ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪♪
It's
my anorexic boss's birthday.
This means there's a certain
amount of interoffice pressure...
to stand around
the conference table...
eating crappy food
and pretending to worship her.
Mmm. Oh, that's so good.
Acting for five minutes like Janice
doesn't make all our lives miserable...
is the hardest work
I'll do all day.
I wanna know
who gave me this present.
My job title is account manager.
I used to be called
an account service representative,
but a consultant told us...
we needed to manage our clients
and not service them.
Yes. Yes.
I have a girlfriend
whom I neither manage nor service.
That's my best friend Barry
fucking her...
on an IKEA kitchen table
I picked up for a really good price.
I'm finding it hard to
care about anything these days.
In fact, the only thing
I do care about...
is the fact that I can't
care about anything.
Seriously, it worries me.
My name is Wesley Gibson.
My dad walked out on my mom
when I was seven days old.
Sometimes I wonder if he ever looked
into my baby blue eyes and asked himself,
"Did I just father the most insignificant
asshole of the 21st century?”
But if you could get
the consignment to me by the 28th... Yeah.
Do you have the numbers
in front of you?
Kim.
Kim, are you there?
Relax. If your name had
come up, you'd be dead already.
We've had some unexpected losses recently.
We'd like to know
where our competitor...
is getting his munition.
It's clean.
Meaning?
Meaning it's untraceable.
Your competitor's very smart.
Get down!
Fuck.
No one leaves
the Fraternity, Cross.
I have a new
perspective on the Fraternity.
Careful. You don't destroy something
that's been around for a thousand years.
It's already
destroyed. He broke the code.
I have to stop this.
Really?
You know this.
So why don't you
face me yourself?
Never send sheep to kill a wolf.
They were just the decoys.
Good-bye, Mr. X.
Never send sheep to kill a wolf.
They were just the decoys.
Wesley.
What is it?
What do you mean,
what is it? Listen.
How am I supposed to
sleep with all that fucking racket?
When are we gonna move so
we don't have to wake up to that shit?
I kinda like it.
It helps to drown out
the sound of your annoying fucking voice.
Now please, let me sleep.
Have you even thought
about our talk?
Yeah.
Which one?
Perfect. That's perfect.
Feed Annabelle.
I I believe I can see the future &
♪ 'Cause I repeat
the same routine ♪
♪ I think I used to
have a purpose ♪
♪ But then again ♪
♪ That might have been
a dream ♪
♪ Oh, no ♪♪
Whoa. Sorry.
Oh, my fucking God.
I hope that's not my
billing report sitting on your desk.
Holy shit on an altar, it is.
I want that report
on my desk in one hour.
Okay, everybody. We're
all gonna stay an extra hour.
Wanna hear something sad?
I need an ergonomic keyboard to keep
my repetitive stress syndrome in check.
Just the fact that I repeat something
enough that it causes me stress
is fucking sad.
Nice job, dude.
Seen Barry?
He had to go to the dentist.
Again.
Yes. Oh. Oh. Barry.
You think they have that
morning-after pill here?
That thing works. Crush it, put it in
her omelet. "Hey, baby, breakfast in bed."
Can never be too safe.
Oh, God.
I lost my wallet somewhere.
Is all this together?
No. No...
Yes.
He is the man.
How much is it?
Oh. Plus this.
It's 20.42.
Watermelon.
Chicks dig it.
Thanks.
See you next time.
Have a good night.
I love these energy drinks, man.
I'm almost, like, kind of
on an energy drink cleanse...
where I do one for breakfast
and then, like, two or three for lunch...
I'm the man?
Yeah,
right, Barry. I'm the man.
In fact, I'm so much the man I have
a standing prescription for medication...
to control my anxiety attacks.
God, I wish I had
something else to relieve my stress.
Hello, Wesley.
You know there are people...
Beautiful people...
You just wish they could see you in
a different setting, a different place,
instead of where you are,
what you've become.
Nicole is so hot.
What?
Boom goes the dynamite.
But most of all,
you wish you weren't such a pussy for
wishing for things that'll never change.
Good God a'mighty, you're
over here like it's spring fuckin' break,
and I still don't have
that billing report.
Why do I even keep you
around, Wesley?
I'll get it done, Janice.
Oh,
like I never heard that before.
"I'll get it done.
I'll get it done.
I'll get it done, Janice.
I ""...
Well, don't you have
anything to say for yourself?
I'm sorry.
You're worthless. I'm
the one who's sorry I hired you.
You know what the best
thing is about the end of the day?
Tomorrow it starts
all over again.
I I believe I can see the future &
♪ "Cause I repeat
the same routine ♪
♪ I think I used to
have a purpose ♪
♪ Then again? ♪
♪ It might have been
a dream ♪
3 I think I used to
have a voice {
♪ Now I never make a sound ♪
♪ I just do
what I've been told ♪
♪ I really don't want ♪
♪ Them to come around ♪
♪ Oh, no ♪
♪ Every day
is exactly the same ♪
Take two
of these pills every four hours.
If the rash doesn't go away
by tomorrow morning...
- Hi.
How you doing?
I'm sorry?
You apologize too much.
Uh... Um... I'm sorry about that.
Hey.
I knew your father.
My father left
the week I was born, so...
Your father died yesterday on
the rooftop of the Metropolitan Building.
Sorry.
Uh, look, the liquor aisle's
just over there, so...
Your father was one of
the greatest assassins who ever lived.
- The man who killed him is behind you.
No, no, this guy's
just shoot in"...
Hey.
Sorry. Sorry.
Oh, my God. Oh,
my God. What the fuck just happened?
Please, please,
please drive faster.
Please be quiet.
Please drive faster.
Please understand
that I care about my life.
I don't know what you did to piss this
guy off, but let me out and call the cops.
- Hey. Hey.
What are you doing?
Holy shit. You're gonna kill us.
Oh! Shit. Shit.
I think we lost him. Could
you let me out at the next corner, please?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Shit!
Oh, fuck.
Oh, shit.
He's right there.
Look, I'm an accountant.
I'm just an accountant.
Whoa. Whoa.
He's fucking persistent,
you know?
What the fuck?
You kick his ass.
Just shoot him.
What are you doing? What
are you shooting our car for? Huh?
- Are you crazy?
- Grab the wheel.
Oh, sh... Where are you going?
Whoa. You just...
Get back in here.
Oh, God.
Go left.
Whoa. Oh, hey. I'm sorry.
- Gun.
- Huh?
- Under the seat.
- Here.
- Fuck.
- Aaah!
Shit.
- Shit!
- Look out.
- Get out.
Look out.
Oh, my God. Shit!
I'm sorry.
Behind you.
♪ If you like pifia coladas ♪
♪ And gettin' caught
in the rain ♪
♪ If you're not into yoga ♪
♪ If you have half a brain ♪
♪ If you like making love
at midnight ♪
♪ In the dunes
on the cape! ♪
♪ I'm the love
that you've looked for ♪
♪ Write to me and escape ♪
Fuck.
Oh, shit. Shit.
Oh.
Hello.
I don't have any money.
I thought he'd be...
taller.
Taller?
Uh, sir... Uh, sir?
I've... I've been trying to explain to
the lady here that I-I'm an accountant...
I'm an account service
representative...
I'm... I'm an account manager.
And... And I'm sure that if
you called my boss, Janice, she'd...
She'd fill you in on
whatever has gone wrong.
You can contact her by
e-mail. She'd put you straight.
Shoot the wings off the flies.
I don't...
I don't know what that means.
Shoot the wings off the flies.
I really think you have me
mixed up with somebody else.
On three.
Either you shoot, or I do.
One.
Okay.
Two.
I can't even see them.
Three.
Okay. Okay.
Holy shit.
That's impossible.
A lot of things for
you were impossible before today.
What you experienced,
Wesley, was not a panic attack.
Your heart was beating in
excess of 400 beats per minute,
sending abundant amounts of
adrenaline into your bloodstream.
This allows you to see
and react faster than normal.
Only a few people
in the world can do that.
Your father could do it,
and you can do it.
With a little work you can
learn to control these attacks.
Stay away from me.
Just stay back from me.
I... I have a gun, sir.
All right?
My name is Sloan.
This is Fox.
And the others you see
around you are all very good at killing.
So if I were you I'd
keep the gun pointed at me.
You don't want to point
it at any of them. That's better.
You're insane.
No.
Insanity is wasting
your life as a nothing...
when you have the blood
of a killer flowing in your veins.
Insanity is being shit on,
beat down,
coasting through life
in a miserable existence...
when you have a caged lion
locked inside and the key to release it.
This gun you're holding is an Imanishi
17. It belonged to your father.
He could conduct
a symphony orchestra with it.
And you're going to use it to kill
the man who shot him down in cold blood.
I can't...
The same man
who tried to kill you tonight.
Your father was one of us...
A fraternity of assassins.
The Weapons of Fate.
We've transferred all
of his assets over to you,
and let me assure you,
they are substantial.
It is your
long-awaited destiny...
to join us.
I—...
Back off. Back off.
You... You don't know
anything about me.
Stay away from me.
You stay away from me?
You stay away from me, please?
Will you let me through?
[ Wesley Narrating I You know when
you have a dream and you're half awake,
but it's still
on the fringe of your brain,
and then you open your eyes and
you're so damn glad it was a dream?
This was nothing like that.
Sorry. Could you just
give me one second? Thank you.
Oh, shit.
Wesley.
Hey.
What's up with you?
What do you mean?
Uh, you're...
You're here early.
Is, uh... Is there... You seem
a little pepped up. You all right?
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
I guess I feel...
kinda different.
Whatever. I'm gonna go get
some Post-It notes. Do you want one?
Really'?
Yeah.
Okay.
Jesus H. fuckin' Popsicle. I still
don't have my billing reports.
But you've got time to sit
here and Google your ass off.
Well, I know one thing. You've
got your review coming up next week.
And I can't wait to start
checking me off some big fucking boxes.
Attitude: Poor.
Performance: Poor.
Management skills: Poor.
Works well with others? Ha! That's
a fucking joke.
What is this bullshit?
Who's this prick?
Some loser gets his head
blown off in the Metropol...
Shut the fuck up!
She has one single iota
of tenuous power.
She thinks she can
push everyone around?
- You don't need this.
I understand.
Junior high
must have been kinda tough.
But it doesn't give you the right to
treat your workers like horseshit, Janice.
I know we laugh at you, Janice.
We all know you keep a stash of jelly
doughnuts in the top drawer of your desk.
But I want you to know...
that if you weren't
such a bitch,
we'd feel sorry for you.
I do feel sorry for you.
But as it stands,
the way you behave...
I feel I can speak
for the entire office...
when I tell you...
go fuck yourself.
Yeah. That was great, bro.
Who's the man?
I'm the man.
Hey.
♪ Have you heard the news ♪
♪ Bad things come in twos ♪
♪ But I never knew ♪
♪ 'Bout the little things ♪
♪ Every single day ♪
♪ Things get in my way ♪
♪ Someone has to pay ♪
§ For the little things?
Yeah.
This is... This is a bad
idea.
Couldn't find your keys, huh?
That could be handy. You gonna
teach me that? I might need that.
So, Fox, right? So,
what... What's that? What's that?
Is that a call sign,
like Maverick in Top Gun?
You could tell me,
but you'd have to kill me?
I'm just kiddin'.
♪ Let the headlines wait ♪
♪ Armies hesitate ♪
♪ I can deal with fate ♪
♪ But not the little things ♪
Peter.
Check the shuttle rotation on
this S.T.B. Should be 300 per minute.
This kind of cotton weave,
the opposing thread count should be 4,000.
Hey, uh, this is pretty awesome.
Huh?
Is it a front?
Front for what?
I don't know.
Assassination.
You may think this is
a front for something.
All I can tell you is
this is a textile mill and...
George. George.
Go help Peter up there.
Yeah.
This is a textile mill,
and a damn good one.
Yeah, that's cute.
But that's bullshit, right?
All these guys
are killers, aren't they?
I think you owe me some answers.
All right, clearly
I-I don't understand, but...
Do you make sweaters,
or do you kill people?
That's an awful lot
of questions over coffee.
Are you sure you're ready
for the answers?
Yes, I-I'm sure.
I can't go back.
Not to my life.
He's all yours.
All right.
We're up.
How you doin'?
I'm the Repairman.
What do you repair?
A lifetime...
of bad habits.
Okay.
Will you do me a favor?
Mm-hmm.
Just put your arms behind your back.
Uh... It's okay.
- I don't know, um...
- Just behind your back.
Is this okay?
Just relax.
Is this part of it?
There we go.
You gonna put a bag over my head?
No. There's no need
for a bag.
That's not too tight, is it?
No, that's... nice.
- Why did you come here, Wesley?
- You brought me here. Remember?
What the fuck'd you do that f...
How many punches did the Repairman
throw before he was counting sheep?
Well, I haven't spent a lot of
time having my face smashed in before.
All right? You spend
a lot of time with knives?
Breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Fuck.
It was a rhetorical question,
culo.
You interrupt me again,
I use the business end.
Here's what you need to know,
puto.
Knives... are easy to hide.
They don't jam,
and they never run out of bullets.
They come in handy...
when you gotta do
some close contact work.
What the fuck, man?
Come here.
What?
Try to cut me.
Hey. Just...
Be careful with that.
That's sharp.
Just stick and stick and...
Why? Seriously, man. I could hurt you.
Hey.
Okay. Pussy.
I'm not a pussy.
You're a pussy.
No, I'm not a pussy.
I'm not a pussy.
I got a healthy respect for the human
condition.
Fuck that. You're a pussy.
I'm not a pussy. I'm not a pussy.
You're a pussy. Come on, pussy.
Hi. How are you doing?
Get the... Fuck.
The fuck...
Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh.
Just a moment.
Pardon. Sorry.
33 I Singing, Foreign Language I
Hello? Hey.
Hey, come back. Hey.
You must drink.
Drink, yeah.
What is this?
This is the recovery room.
This bath stimulates white
blood cells and speeds up the process.
In here bruises, cuts,
breaks heal in hours, not days.
- You shitting me?
- Shh.
What is that, vodka?
Yeah.
- Are you Russian?
- Yeah.
Get up.
This is the Gunsmith.
He knows more about a piece than anybody,
and he's gonna teach you how to use one.
- How you doing?
- Yeah, good.
Good.
You know Seltzer broke his leg.
Oh. Really?
Yeah.
In three places.
Hmm. How'd he do it?
Jumped off a building.
So, is he all right?
Yeah. He's pretty bad, though.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, you guys,
that is so realistic.
Been in recovery three days. They say
they're not even gonna let him out.
Who is Seltzer?
He worked in the cafeteria.
He made the good sandwiches.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my G... Oh, my God!
We can't shoot a dead
woman. She might be somebody's mom.
You need to know what
it's like to put a bullet in a body.
Why are you here?
You know, I thought I was learning
to be some kind of super assassin.
Huh?
If I want to get beat up, I-I-I would
have stayed in my cubicle. You know?
Fuck.
All right, shoot the target... from there.
You want me
to shoot through Wilbur.
I want you to curve the bullet.
Wh...
How am I supposed to do that?
It's not a question of "how."
It's a question of "what.”
If no one told you
that bullets flew straight...
and I gave you a gun and told
you to hit the target, what would you do?
Let your instincts guide you.
How the hell did he do that?
Can you do that?
Can you do that? Hello?
Mmm.
Hey, I think
that's my old train.
Still is.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
Shit. Shit.
- Fucking asshole.
- Come on.
Let's go.
Are you out of
your fucking mind?
Oh, shit. Oh, shit.
Oh, shit, oh, shit.
No. No. No.
[ Screaming Echoes, Fades I
Oh, God, I feel... I feel...
I feel... I feel...
I-I feel kinda good.
He got Rictus. Perfect shot.
Impossible angle.
Cross is taking us out
one by one.
And Wesley is the only one
who can get to him.
Cross gets closer
with each hour.
Get back to work.
- See that?
- Uh-huh.
- It's a shuttle.
- Okay.
I want you to try and catch it.
You want me to
stick my hand in there.
Yes.
I want you to catch it.
Wh...
Aaah! Whoo.
Wanna put a gun to my head?
I can slow things down like with the fly.
You need to learn
to control that by yourself.
Fuck!
This is bullshit.
Fuck this.
How's it going today, Wesley?
No, fuck the loom
and fuck the Repairman.
I can shoot the wings
off the back of a fly. I'm ready.
You're ready
when Fox says you're ready.
Who puts her in charge?
I did.
;7
Wesley.
People think you use cheese
to catch these beauties.
But they go ape-shit
for peanut butter.
Your father was a big
fan of this.
Watch.
Right. Pardon.
Plastic explosive
in peanut butter.
Sorry, Mickey.
Five, four, three, two, one.
Hey. Hey, Russian.
Good for one, yeah?
Imagine if you had a thousand.
They really fucked you up, didn't they?
What the hell
did they do to you?
Throw you in front of a moving train
for no reason?
;7
Beat the shit out of you?
33 I Continues I
You know, you can say it.
This place is bullshit.
It's bullshit. Huh?
Bullshit.
Repairman, five minutes.
Heads up out of the question?
You're wasting my
fucking time. Why are you here?
I don't know.
So hit me.
- Why are you here?
- I had a shit life. So why wouldn't I?
I'm gonna kick your fucking ass.
Don't know
what you want me to say.
- Why are you here?
- I don't know.
Why are you here?
- Why are you here?
- I don't know why I'm here.
Why are you here?
I don't know who I am.
What did you say?
I said...
I said I don't know who I am.
You really want to know
who you are?
Yeah, it's my room.
No.
This was your father's room.
What happened?
A member of this fraternity
went rogue.
Cross.
Started by killing the one
man who was better than him...
Your father.
Blindsided him on a rooftop.
Betrayed him.
Everything in this room...
Books, weapons, clothes...
Belonged to him.
Now they belong to you.
Find a connection
in this room, Wesley.
It may be the only way
of finding out who you are.
[ Wesley Narrating I Now I know why
I could never care about anything
before this.
I was living a lie.
Finally I have a chance
to step into my father's shoes,
grow a pair, live the life
I was born to live.
I've been pissing it all away like
it was another fucking billing report.
I have to train harder.
I have to be as good
as my father.
On these shelves, Wesley,
are the records of the Fraternity Kills...
Everything you will need
to kill your target.
To kill Cross,
the man who betrayed
the Fraternity and murdered my father,
I must prepare.
I have to become his student,
memorize every move he ever made,
every attack he ever executed...
When he dropped a patient
in an airtight room...
surrounded
by Secret Service agents,
when he took out
that businessman in the elevator,
his bullets untraceable,
of course.
Or how no matter
what the weapon...
or how he eliminated his target,
he was always
one chess move ahead,
one move more prepared,
one step quicker,
one shot more precise.
In fact, in all my research,
I found that he never
missed a target.
Not until me.
Aaah!
Yeah!
Yes.
For the first time in
your life, Wesley, you're in control.
Shoot the target.
You're crazy.
Welcome to the Fraternity.
We call this the Loom of Fate.
After today,
you will never set foot
in here again.
Why not?
Because, like an apostle,
your task is not to interpret,
but to deliver.
Every culture
in history has a secret code...
One you won't find
in traditional texts.
A thousand years ago,
a clan of weavers discovered
a mystical language hidden in the fabric.
They called themselves
the Fraternity.
I'll be honest with you.
All I see are threads.
Come here.
Look there.
You see that one thread that missed
the weave and lies on top of the others?
Like a mistake?
No. It's a code.
If the vertical thread
is on top,
it's a one.
If it's below, it's a zero.
Binary code?
- What's it say?
- It's a name.
A target.
Where do the names come from?
They come out
of a necessity, Wesley.
A necessity to maintain
balance in the world.
They are orders
that must be executed,
entrusted to us so that we...
might forge stability
out of chaos.
This one is yours.
I don't...
Look, I thought
you brought me here to kill Cross.
You will, in time.
This is your first assignment.
The loom provides, I interpret,
you deliver.
You want me to kill
Robert Deane Darden?
Not me. Fate.
The target will be in the conference
room sitting at the head chair.
There are six windows.
You will shoot through the fifth.
Fifth window.
Now.
What did he do
that he deserves to die?
You don't know.
I don't know if he was bad.
I don't know if he was evil.
I don't know anything about him.
We get our orders
from a loom... fate.
And we're supposed to
take it on faith...
that what we're doing is right.
Killing someone
we know nothing about.
I don't know if I can do that.
About 20 years ago,
there was this girl.
Her dad was a federal judge.
So she probably had it in her mind that
she was gonna follow in his footsteps.
So she's home one Christmas,
and her dad's on this big
racketeering case.
The defendants want to
get a softer judge,
one they can buy off.
So they hired this guy,
Max Petrich.
Get him to pay
her father a visit.
And the way he pays
people a visit...
is to break in...
and tie up their loved ones...
and force them to watch...
while he burns
his targets alive.
And then he takes a wire
hanger and twists it round...
and brands his initials
into each one of them...
so they will never, ever forget.
After I was recruited
into the Fraternity,
I found out
that Max Petrich's name had come up...
weeks before
the federal judge was killed...
and that a Fraternity member...
had failed to pull the trigger.
We don't know how far...
the ripples of our decisions go.
You Kill one, and maybe
save a thousand.
That's the code
of the Fraternity.
That's what we believe in,
and that's why we do it.
- Cross.
- Not yet.
Your target will be in a black limo.
He always travels the same
six blocks of Halsted.
- You have three blocks to kill him.
Shit.
♪ Time to say good-bye ♪
I'm sorry.
Barry. Did you feed Annabelle?
Barry!
Wesley.
Hey, where have you been?
I have really missed you, man.
Oh, God.
Look at the big man.
You fucking asshole. What?
You don't show up for weeks, now you're
just gonna stop by and use the bathroom?
You're a real big shot now, huh?
No. You know what?
You are nothing.
No. You are less than nothing.
You're not even
half the man that Barry is.
Barry, he pleases me in ways
that you've never even heard of.
Who the hell is she, Wesley?
Your new whore?
Is that what it takes now?
You're paying for it?
[ Heart Beating, Stops I
- Wesley?
He's the man.
You all right?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm okay.
Go sit down. I'm gonna find a car.
Big night.
I gotta get into recovery.
Shit.
- Oh, fuck.
Bull's-eye.
What's he doing here?
Aah.
Come on. Stay with us.
Who let him have it?
He went by himself.
Stay with us.
Breathe. Come on.
It's all right. It's all right.
It's all right.
A thousand.
Come on.
- Come on.
- No, no. Stay with us. Come on.
Open your eyes. Come on.
Come on.
- Come on.
This bullet is the first
traceable bullet he's ever used.
It was made by this man.
His name's Pekwarsky.
He works out of what is now
a monastery in Eastern Moravia.
This place is where
the Fraternity was born.
He's taunting me.
He's sending me a message.
I'm gonna send him one back.
He's trapping you.
Leading you to a place
he knows very well.
Look, I know this. I...
This is what you trained me for.
You can't go alone.
I go alone,
or he doesn't show. He's not stupid.
Look, a member of
the Fraternity is dead because of me.
Okay.
Go.
Thank you.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Your next assignment.
Pekwarsky?
Shit.
What are you doing here?
Lower your gun.
You recognize this?
I pulled this out
of my shoulder.
The guy who put it there
killed my father.
Now, I know you made it,
so tell me where he is.
I did mold this, but I can't be
responsible for the people who use them.
I don't give a shit.
Tell me where he is.
Look at my finger.
I... can try
and arrange a meet.
Have you ever thought about
doing things differently?
How do you mean?
I don't know.
Being... Being somebody else?
Somebody normal.
No.
Shit.
Out of the way.
Stay. Stay.
Hey. Hey.
He's on the train.
He's alone.
Thank you.
Get up.
Aaah.
Sorry. Sir, sit down.
Sir, sit down.
Nobody's gonna get hurt.
Sir. Sir, sit down.
Sir, sit down.
Get out of the way. Sit
down. Stay down. Sit down.
Sit down.
It's okay. Sit down.
Wesley.
Out of the way.
No. No, no, no, no.
Wesley, listen to me.
Shut the fuck up.
You don't get to talk to me.
Everything they told you
was a lie.
Shut up, you lying piece
of shit. You shut the fuck up.
You are my son.
What did you s...
What did you say to me?
Is it true?
Yes.
Why did you make me do this?
Because you are
the only person he wouldn't kill.
You knew, goddamn it.
You knew the entire time.
Well, his name came up.
So did yours.
No, it was awful. Never mind.
No. No.
It was complete shit.
I promised your father
I'd bring you back here.
What the fuck?
He said it was
the only way you'd believe.
Your father was never more
than a camera click away.
That's me.
He was my father,
and I killed him.
To your father, protecting
you was worth giving up his life.
Protect me?
He was trying to
fucking kill me.
No. He wasn't trying
to kill you.
He was trying to rescue you.
When Cross left the Fraternity,
Sloan hunted you down.
Ever since Fox
had her teeth in you,
he's been trying to
separate you from them.
Your father never wanted you
in the Fraternity, Wesley.
He wanted
a different path for you...
with things that he could never have.
A home.
Peace.
He hoped you would find
your own way.
Your father got hold of this.
Decipher it yourself.
Sloan began manufacturing
targets of his own for profit years ago.
Your father found out about it.
And he was gonna do something
about it on his own, right?
But Sloan turned everyone
against him.
My father's name never
even came up, did it?
No.
Holding to the code
made him a target.
Yes.
You want me to run?
No.
I want you to live.
You can have
a different life, Wesley,
like your father wanted for you.
We trained him well.
[ Wesley Narrating I My
father was wrong about one thing.
Everything they told me
wasn't a lie.
They taught me how to Kill,
how to feel no pain,
and most importantly,
that every job has a perfect weapon.
Well, I'm the perfect weapon.
And I'm supposed to run?
Nah, I've been doing that
my entire life.
So I say no.
I say kill 'em all
and let fate sort out the mess.
Kill him.
Do you see 'em?
Aah.
Pussy.
Pussy, pussy.
Huh?
Sloan!
Hey.
My father wasn't a traitor.
This is a kill order.
And it's got Sloan's name on it.
What did you say to me?
It's a name.
It's a... It's a target.
I don't want this person dead.
Fate does.
Well, fate wanted you dead.
And he couldn't take it,
so he started manufacturing
his own targets...
for his own gains.
And that's when
my dad found out...
and decided
to stand against him.
And that's when
you sent a man's son...
to kill his father.
You're not an assassin
of fate, Sloan.
You're just a thug
who can bend bullets.
Is that true?
Here is what the truth is.
Your name came up.
Your name.
Your name. Yours.
Everyone in this room.
If I had not done what I did,
you would all be dead.
I saved your lives.
Now look where we are.
We are stronger than ever,
changing the course
of history as we see it,
choosing the targets we select.
We can redistribute power...
where we see fit.
The wolves rule,
not the sheep.
Now, if any of you feel
the need to follow...
the code of the Fraternity
to the letter,
I invite you to take
your gun, put it in your mouth...
and pull the trigger.
That is what Wesley demands.
Otherwise,
shoot this motherfucker...
and let us take
our fraternity of assassins...
to heights reserved
only for the gods of men.
You choose.
Fuck the code.
Sloan!
Six weeks ago, I was ordinary...
and pathetic,
just like you.
But who am I now?
- Account manager?
Assassin?
Or just another tool who was
mind-fucked into killing his father?
I am all of these...
and I am none of these.
Who am I now?
Good night, Mike.
Good night.
[ Wesley Narrating I This
is not me fulfilling my destiny.
This is not me following
in my father's footsteps.
This is definitely not me
saving the world.
Still trying to
figure out who you are?
This is not me.
This is just
a motherfuckin' decoy.
Oh, fuck.
This is me taking control...
from Sloan,
from the Fraternity,
from Janice,
from billing reports,
from ergonomic keyboards,
from cheating girlfriends
and sack-of-shit best friends.
This me taking back control...
of my life.
What the fuck
have you done lately?
♪ Have you heard the news ♪
♪ Bad things come in twos ♪
♪ But I never knew ♪
♪ 'Bout the little things ♪
♪ Every single day ♪
♪ Things get in my way ♪
♪ Someone has to pay ♪
♪ For the little things? ♪
♪ And I'm through with the spies
and I'm sick of my shoes ♪
♪ And the walkin' and
the talkin' that's got nothin' to do ♪
♪ With the final solution
Here's a box full of tricks ♪
♪ And I'm through with repairs
when there's nothing to fix ♪
♪ When there's nothing to fix
When there's nothing to fix ♪
♪ And it all comes down to you ♪
♪ Let the headlines wait ♪
♪ Armies hesitate ♪
♪ I can deal with fate ♪
♪ But not the little things ♪
♪ Armageddon may ♪
♪ Arrive any day ♪
♪ I can't get away ♪
♪ From the little things ♪♪